# Docs & Community SIG meeting - 2024-09-25

**Facilitator:**  Shauna Gordon (@ShaunaGordon)
**Notes taker:**  Shauna Gordon (@ShaunaGordon)

[Agenda](https://github.com/o3de/sig-docs-community/issues/133)

## SIG Updates

* Is Roddie still interested in being part of sig-docs?
    * Shauna will ask him and Joe and get an update

## Release

*Presenter*: Shauna

* Release in 2 weeks
    * Need to open a bunch of PRs to backport version display updates
    * Need to resolve merge conflicts of stabilization -> main


### Action items

* Shauna to line up update PRs
* Jan to clean up stabilization and plan for backport to dev branch


## Miscellaneous

Was there crosstalk or other useful discussion that happened during the meeting, but wasn't _specifically_ related to any of the agenda items?

* ROSCon one month away!
