# Docs & Community SIG meeting - 2024-10-10

**Facilitator:**  Shauna Gordon (@ShaunaGordon)
**Notes taker:**  Shauna Gordon (@ShaunaGordon)

[Agenda](https://github.com/o3de/sig-docs-community/issues/135)

## SIG Updates

Updates from the SIG itself. Information will be provided in advance on the agenda issue.

* 24.09 release day!
* Final prep and staging of everything for release, getting PRs approved, etc

## Miscellaneous

Was there crosstalk or other useful discussion that happened during the meeting, but wasn't _specifically_ related to any of the agenda items?

* squash merges are okay when it's a feature branch to a development or stabilization branch, but stabilization to main should always be merge commit so history is easily traceable