# Docs & Community SIG meeting - 2025-1-29

**Notes taker:** Shauna Gordon (@ShaunaGordon)

Ad hoc, no agenda

## SIG Updates

- JT
  - has been working on grouping documentation stuff to create an overview and create triage.
  - bifurcating engine from content creation docs.
- Shauna
  - got docs repo split into theme and API docs

Gene reassigned at Amazon, so not full-time on O3DE.

Guillaume helping a lot with PRs and stuff. 

## Action Items

- JT 
  - to help recruit from community.
  - knows some people who have solved the "multiple docs versions in Github Pages" issue.
  - has been working exensively with local Wikipedia group to improve O3DE Wikipedia page.
  - looking to do in-person community outreach.
- Shauna
  - Officially switch to monthly cadence
  - Get JT docs maintainer privs

Shauna and JT to look up reference thing for Hugo for Glossary terms.

JT wants to coordinate with Gaian for slow/game jams, etc for content generation. Goal: for May release. He hopes to introduce drop-in DLC, use multiplayer sample for game jams.
