# Docs & Community SIG meeting - 2022-04-12

**Facilitator:** name @sptramer
**Notes taker:** name @FiniteStateGit

**Attendees: ** stramer, Chanelle, Danilo, Finite_State, Spotz, Will, zOr, JT

[Agenda](https://github.com/o3de/sig-docs-community/issues/38)

## SIG Updates

* `main` / `development` split is now live, @sptramer)
  * **Action Item:** @stramer will update the contributor guide.
* Preparation for release 22.05.0
  * **Proposed:** Additional SIG meeting on 4/26 for release preparation and to handle any additional business.
  * **Approved**  
* Mid-year elections
  * **Proposed:** Initial chair term was for 1yr, which is a mismatch with the other SIGs (chairs serve a 6-month term.) Would like to hold mid-year elections for Chair and Co-Chair in alignment with the other SIGs.
  * **Approved:** SIG will begin election process in May with elections to be held in June.

**SIG Project Updates**

* Lua API Reference
  * The project is not in progress while 'RFC for Feature Grid' is prioritized.
* Programmer Guide reorganization
  * The project's remaining GHI should be resolved by 
* Minimum viable documentation
  * @chanmosq added as co-owner.
* Website versioning
  * The project is blocked awaiting a response from the Linux Foundation.
* API reference generation
  * @chanmosq assigned as owner.
* RFC for Feature Grid
  * @Finite_State assigned as owner.

*Presenter*: @stramer
* Target user definition
  * We should be setting the target user from the perspective of the documentation and community SIG, so that we can start work on progressing towards content level definitions.
* Guidance from the TSC redefines O3DE's target user audience to be mid-sized game studios (~20-50 developers) with some capacity to extend the framework where necessary.  The target user audience would be more reliant on existant frameworks compared to a AAA studio.  Documentation content strategy should reflect this redefinition.  Floor opened for comment.

*Presenter*: @stramer
* Content level definitions
  * One ongoing problem the SIG has encountered is a correct understanding of our required quality level for acceptance. With the split of main and development, this may become even more complicated (allowing a lower quality bar for development makes sense for high-velocity documentation.) The SIG needs to start discussing what we see as our "minimum quality bar".

*Presenter*: @hultonha
* [Mixamo assets for O3DE](https://github.com/o3de/sig-docs-community/issues/38#issuecomment-1096978140)
  * We would like to discuss the possibility of working with Adobe to release one of their Mixamo assets with O3DE to demonstrate how to easily import an asset. We realize this requires us to working the LF and Adobe as partners. We are really looking for advice on best next steps and potential contacts to reach out (likely @OBWANDO and someone from Adobe who might be able to help).

    As this sig is related to content and community we wanted to raise this here too for any feedback/suggestions

    Apologies I cannot attend in-person, if it's possible to add a reply to this issue I'll follow-up later in the week. Thanks!
* SIG needs to determine which SIG owns 'game content'.

*Presenter*: @stramer
* Upcoming RFC: Limit merges to o3de-org maintainers
  * Discussing an upcoming RFC, the SIG supported limiting merges to the o3de-org repo to repo maintainers.

## Postponed due to time

1. **Cultivating a friendly writing style and tone in O3DE Docs** - [Link](https://github.com/o3de/sig-docs-community/issues/35#issuecomment-1055825739)
2. **SIG role in tooltips, in-editor help, etc etc** - [Link](https://github.com/o3de/sig-docs-community/issues/35#issuecomment-1068205965)
