# Docs & Community SIG meeting - 2024-08-28

**Facilitator:**  Shauna Gordon (@ShaunaGordon)
**Notes taker:**  Shauna Gordon (@ShaunaGordon)

[Agenda](https://github.com/o3de/sig-docs-community/issues/130)

## SIG Updates

Updates from the SIG itself. Information will be provided in advance on the agenda issue.

* Jan
  * Got big sync PR merged! ü•≥
  * Will be circling back to docs next week, so can review Shauna's PRs
* Shauna
  * Fixed a bunch of the broken link issues, PRs waiting review
  * Has made movmeent on getting the static API docs out of the docs repo and leverage Hugo's capabilities to bring them back in at render time (yay, Hugo/Go modules)
  * Also working on architectural changes to make content submissions easier
  * Biggest hurdles to ‚òùÔ∏è is mostly organizational stuff - process, red tape, other people's availability
* JT
  * His team has some docs changes in the works
    * Plan to submit when they hit a "social critical mass"
      * [the theory behind it](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Critical_mass_(sociodynamics))
  * Working on demo mode feature, which they plan to contribute back in the near future
  * Current plan is ~Q1 2025 for submissions as local IRL stuff ramps up again

### Action items

* Get broken link PRs reviewed and merge
* Cut stabilization branch