# Docs & Community SIG meeting - 2022-07-12

**Facilitator:** @FiniteStateGit

[Agenda](https://github.com/o3de/sig-docs-community/issues/44)

## SIG Updates

Updates from the SIG itself. Information will be provided in advance on the agenda issue.

- Joint SIG/TSC Meeting held 6/28:
    - Request to update sig repo top-level READMEs with the following information:
        - Brief summary of SIG responsibilities/updates (see here for example)
        - Link to Discord channel
        - Link to mailing list
        - Link to calendar
        - Information about joining and contributing.
    - User @aFinchy has a proposed template [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Uuz0mvEOMcXBAzcJpop7EqFGzbU2nhXK52wG_c_ls08/edit)
    - There is a new Notable tag to use for PRs or Issues that O3DE marketing should broadcast.
    - SIG-graphics-audio settled on Mitsuba as a ground truth reference for all things graphics.
    - RoddieKieley is a new chair for the TSC.
    - O3DCon Call for Proposals is available and submissions would be appreciated.

## Clean up of branches in o3de.org

[Item link](https://github.com/o3de/sig-docs-community/issues/44#issuecomment-1170543152)

Presenter: @chanmosq
Length of time: 10 mins

There's a number of stale branches in o3de.org due to contributions that weren't from a fork. This is an easy fix. However, I wanted to bring it up for record keeping, and to open a discussion regarding the topic. For example: Should we consider implementing a protocol to clean up branches? Or limit the ability to create branches to a specific role to enforce contributions come from a fork?

### Action items

* @chanmosq to write RFC for rules re: branches in o3de.org repo.
* SIG needs to clean repo of stale branches.

## SIG Elections

Draft of standardized election process for project.

[Item link](https://github.com/o3de/sig-docs-community/issues/44#issuecomment-1182120297)

Presenter: @FiniteStateGit
Length of time: 5 mins

### Action items

* @FiniteStateGit to seek guidance from TSC on project's election cadence.

## SIG Roadmap request

Marketing requests information from SIGs on roadmap initiatives.

[Item link](https://github.com/o3de/sig-docs-community/issues/44#issuecomment-1182120297)

Presenter: @FiniteStateGit
Length of time: 5 mins

### Action items

No action taken.  SIG will wait until questions regarding the template are resolved by other SIGs.

### Open questions

* SIG needs to consider incorporating Readme info proposed by @aFinchy.
